Good morning.
Adam: Morning.
Gwenevere Abriel: Have you had any issues with with connection. Do you know if
Gwenevere Abriel: We've got a good connection.
Adam: I'm not, I'm not a person, what am I
Adam: Am so so okay I don't know. I don't know if it was just because I don't know. I think it was to my phone, too, because
Adam: I have so many games on my phone and I had a text message like
Adam: Last weekend, saying that I use pretty much all my stuff. So my some apps might run slower.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you at your answer today doing a little bit of work to earn some cash.
Adam: Yeah, well, I'm gonna go with her. Yeah, we're done.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, cool. That's great. Alright, so, how you doing, how's the prospects looking out there for applications and reaching out to CNN.
Adam: Or I'm not gonna lie with the CNN thing. I only
Adam: Because
Adam: I guess my main focus is jobs and like every day since
Adam: I've been creating like at least five application day
Adam: That's great, and
Adam: I had some like one person from him from from circle K and I'm supposed to
Adam: Call them back.
Adam: Tomorrow,
Adam: So hopefully that works.
Adam: Over there at circle Kate's graveyard shift and I it's like
Adam: You don't even have to work with customers, the story is actually close by. Yeah, pretty much like stock take. And
Gwenevere Abriel: Haha
Adam: That's something I guess that would
Adam: That works. And then I
Adam: I put
Adam: That I worked at the Dollar Tree.
Adam: That was firing up
Adam: There. And actually my moms were fired
Adam: Because of my IRA.
Adam: They don't, they don't hire hire felons.
Adam: Of the kid. I'm going through right now I am honestly don't think that they'll hire me.
Adam: Did it anyway and
Adam: Just a lot more places. It's like some fast food I did and
Adam: I'm
Adam: Like I even did this place across the street from my mom's. It's called people barely been center. It's like the place like we're kids like I guess like Chucky Cheese or Peter Parker.
Adam: So that's really what I've been focusing on with my god thing I've been. I've been seeing some
Adam: Testing. She's an actress. She's good, funny cuz she don't know that all and she's a good girl, and he
Adam: Go back to, well, so
Adam: Okay, she's looking in on
Adam: Living together.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, hold on, hold on, let me check that I'm turn your video off just go audio for a little bit.
Adam: Of my connection to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I need to check out what you just said.
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so I think I heard you say I have a friend, something, something, something she's getting me information on the GED class. Can you tell me the something something something part
Adam: Yeah, I'm
Adam: I said, I've been yeah I've been seeing some girl that
Adam: Is that good for me and I because you don't do not Gregor. She's like a good girl in
Adam: The
Adam: Ninja into it because we're going to go together.
Adam: Oh, she's
Gwenevere Abriel: Looking to GED class.
Gwenevere Abriel: And wait to go together.
Yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. I'm just curious. It's pretty in general alibis that people start a romantic relationship and about the first year their recovery.
Gwenevere Abriel: Why so quickly for you. Why so quickly start a relationship.
Adam: Um, I don't know. I
Adam: Know I'm here. I. Oh, and before like where this Lexi, I met her.
Adam: I didn't see I didn't really in our last long. But I am at work or at where I used to work.
Adam: And we were just friends just talking for a while and I told me I just talked to her about I was talking to her about what's going on with my stuff in my baby's mom and stuff like that. And we're just friends.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you romantic
Adam: Yeah, I guess it started to be like that this recently.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, obviously you can do you know you're grown man. You do what you want to do, but most most advice that is general, you know, for people just starting a recovery is they don't
Gwenevere Abriel: sign on to a romantic relationship with they are learning how to manage themselves and you just
Gwenevere Abriel: Just out the gate here.
Adam: Yeah, and I missed them and out and I just
Adam: I just think she's
Adam: Good actually really helped me through all this stuff because she
Adam: Don't
Adam: She I guess she used to used to use, but she's been he's been over here likes
Adam: And
Adam: She's like been through all this stuff too.
Gwenevere Abriel: So Adam if it turns out later on that that's not the case that you're you're maybe underdeveloped skills of interpersonal communication or self confidence and things like that, let's say, let's say something happens between you, too.
Gwenevere Abriel: I hope it doesn't. I hope that she continues to be an ally for you and support you in your recovery.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if something does happen, will you consider putting the brakes on romantic relationships for a little while.
Yeah.
Adam: I understand that. Yeah, I need to. I need to focus on myself first. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm just worried about you because you already have these huge you have this huge piece with the mother of your children, you just have this huge bit. It took up all this attention.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: Three off course.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just completely lost job just completely off the rails and
Gwenevere Abriel: If that equation wasn't there. If you didn't need someone else instead. What you did was develop confidence in your own skills, your own ability.
Gwenevere Abriel: You might be offering another person more as an independent confident capable
Gwenevere Abriel: And you might like it. You know what I mean.
Adam: Yeah, and that's exactly what I told it to like before we even started doing in thing like I was telling you like
Adam: I'm going to look though.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, but as long as for now. As long as you're honest about that. Then if you and I kind of talk and if she starts to suck you into drama.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah. And it starts to distract and you start to compromise your plans for stable job getting back in school, eating right, exercising if that starts to slip
Gwenevere Abriel: Can I remind you, and say, hey, it's happening. Can you set a boundary with her and maybe even set it now and say, hey, we can do this thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I might set a boundary where I'm may not be hanging out with you that much because I've got to get on point here for myself to grow to be available as a son as a father.
Adam: Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's exactly what
Adam: I told her, like I said, I'm not going to be able to
Adam: Like give you like my all that I would normally like you do in a relationship, and it's just because
Adam: Now, can you even
Adam: Came so like
Adam: I don't know, it's just I had this I had the conversation about everything. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, yes. I just wanted to know.
Gwenevere Abriel: It sounds like you've been proactive and talking with her, we have a pretty crummy connection here. Um, so if I'm interrupting you. I do apologize. It's just that the connections pretty crummy
Adam: I'm sorry, wants to be
Adam: Slow
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's talk about money for a little bit, because right now that's a pressing issue.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me about data. Let's get into that for a minute. Um, I know you want to throw money at at at helping your mom. I know that's a priority.
Gwenevere Abriel: But your programs also a priority. If this falls apart. If you can't have good data here. Watch what happens. Now you're hustling and chasing after strips on the street.
You see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So let's talk just hang on. I really want to hear because I can't hear you. Really well. Let me just see.
Gwenevere Abriel: What amount of money is needed so that you because we've had good connection before. So something's going on. So have you called the phone company and we found out kind of what you need.
Adam: It's just Until my next phone bill and that's like on the 13th of this month. Okay. And I guess.
Adam: And it's just I guess because I used it more fast my my gigabyte through it. Every more fast because at my mom's house. I've been putting on my hot spot, whatever the hot spot think so because I'm wants to go to internet. Okay, so I feel my heart.
Adam: I put my arms like is watch
Adam: Netflix on TV.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so that's that's where you can get in and say, I can't do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it's going to get in the way of treatment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, no. Yeah, so we got to think about something else, whether it's drawing, painting something that's crafty something you could be doing at night. That is not drawing down your data.
Gwenevere Abriel: For a while, until you know it's not forever just, you know, until you get this job at circle K. Maybe if that pans out.
Adam: That's why to is because I don't have a job. So I'm pretty much like here.
Adam: And like after I do the application stuff by just
Adam: And watching TV.
Adam: I don't really like regular to be so that's why I put on the Netflix.
Gwenevere Abriel: So what can you do let's brainstorm. What else can you do
Adam: Are going to because I did actually that
Adam: Go to the community service. My brother.
Adam: Yeah, like this start taking him with me because he liked it, too. He actually met some friends over there and stuff and
Adam: There were some. There are some other guys to that we're playing basketball, like a game like they had game is going and basketball over there.
Adam: So I got into that with them and then
Adam: I'm I like they really went that one day, but we just need to start playing more because we both we both enjoyed it so
Gwenevere Abriel: Absolutely, and I love the movement. I love the exercise part that's healthy for the brain but read, be realistic. Can you do that at night when you're flipping on Netflix, you
Know,
Adam: So like
Adam: I could
Adam: I could just start
Adam: I guess.
Adam: Books, or something.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like it.
Adam: Okay.
Adam: So how
Gwenevere Abriel: About we do this.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you already have adult coloring books at your mom's
Adam: I have like one but and you get more. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And do you have pens markers.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or what do you do coloring pencils.
Adam: Yeah, like Philip them.
Gwenevere Abriel: There we go. That's nice. And they're there you have them.
Adam: Yeah.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And
Gwenevere Abriel: And and you have, you know, maybe, you know, just a couple weeks. I mean get through the maybe the 13th.
Gwenevere Abriel: And love to see and maybe bring them to group and show us the work you're doing. That'd be great. If not, you don't have to, but it's a nice way to sort of hold yourself accountable and say, look, this is what I'm doing.
Gwenevere Abriel: But we'll know because the data you're going to have a better Wi Fi connection or better right hotspot. I know it really does draw down all your data when you do that.
Adam: Then I
Adam: Told me that
Adam: Too, so
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't catch any of that looks
Gwenevere Abriel: kicked you out just now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right it locked you out.
I can't
Adam: Get
Adam: Up like
Gwenevere Abriel: Hit your mute button. One more time. It looks like you muted yourself.
Adam: Okay. See what we got here.
Adam: Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I can hear you.
Adam: Just went off completely.
Adam: Weird
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we got distractions. I can go play basketball community center. We've got organized my roommate. My dad do dishes. Pick up toys. I like to color YouTube podcast on rap music fixing engines.
Gwenevere Abriel: So those are some distraction techniques for you. I'm
Gwenevere Abriel: Telling tell me
Adam: Who I am, my dad because I told you my dad was going to school to be a mechanic or whatever. So
Adam: Um, I guess he's been doing side jobs like four people doing a big scene their cars and stuff.
Adam: And he told me that
Adam: I can when he doesn't have suicide like go with him and and help them. So I could
Adam: Start to learn more to about them. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay about fixing engines.
Adam: Yeah okay nice
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can then you can kind of get a sense of even like it.
Adam: Yeah yeah
Adam: That's another thing I could start doing with with him because I guess he's been
Adam: Because he don't have a job right now, either. So like he just going to school and in doing sides of with people, then
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep, yep, yep. All right. And how many milligrams. Are you are you at today.
Adam: Two and three eight
Look on my
My list here and see what milligram says
Adam: It's like little bit less than
Gwenevere Abriel: Sounds familiar. I usually see it moved. I have it on my desktop somewhere here.
Up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so two, you said two and three eighths.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's here. Yeah. So 19 milligrams
Okay. Very nice.
Adam: Okay, so she gave me enough then because I know it's hard for me to know
Adam: Like how much he gave me so she gave me 10 of them. So that's up to us so Tuesday. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably keep having. Do you think you have enough to get group.
Adam: Yeah, I'm pretty sure cuz yeah she didn't kind of woman I barely got him yesterday. Okay.
Adam: I'm pretty sure that's enough to us.
Gwenevere Abriel: This what this looks like is 17
Gwenevere Abriel: You see, it looks like what it should have been was 17 strips. So I'm curious if that's going to be enough for you.
Adam: Yeah, oh yeah, for a week. Yeah. That's why I don't know. It's hard, like now that it's like that I have to cut them in half like I don't know how much
Adam: They're supposed to last.
Adam: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you said you got 10 strokes.
Adam: Yeah, yesterday. Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: 19 milligrams is what we're doing 1900 rounds and I wonder to
Gwenevere Abriel: Me say something and go to medication. See if I can see what
Gwenevere Abriel: The order look like
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: 10 films.
Interesting.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder if you're going to have enough
Adam: So I don't know if it's like
Gwenevere Abriel: I wonder she thought that I wasn't there, or rather I I don't do this part. So, is she thought maybe you had some leftover. I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: I would spend some time today, getting clear on that because we want to get this figured out before the weekend.
Adam: Yeah, that's for those
Gwenevere Abriel: So, get it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Figured out. Do your calculation. See, see if you're going to have a shortfall.
Gwenevere Abriel: If you have enough to get you to at least Monday evening, then that's what we're looking for. We want enough to get you, you know, your dose in the morning on Monday, and then you would go into groups. So do your calculation. See if there's enough to get you to a dose on Monday. Okay, so
Adam: Calculation about
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I come back in here, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So you've got a plan. And you've got some maybe getting more coloring sort of options. But what about doing some some journaling. Do you ever do any of that we write down your thoughts and reflections.
Adam: I haven't recently but like in the past, they tend to do when I was
Adam: When I lived with my maybes mom cuz like I don't know but
Adam: I haven't recently, but I guess I could start up again. Cuz I guess that's when I really let out my
Adam: My feelings.
Exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: So one thing you've identified is
Gwenevere Abriel: Coloring and maybe getting your recovery journal and doing some journaling in there, you know, maybe about
Gwenevere Abriel: You know how you mentioned Tay she she needs to be with someone, why don't you do some reflection about how maybe you yourself may
Gwenevere Abriel: Need to be with someone, right, notice how you jumped into kind of this romantic relationship pretty quickly. Maybe analyze yourself a little bit to kind of do some reflection on that, you know, what would my life be like right now if I didn't have someone
Gwenevere Abriel: Right to what if I just had a friend. What if I developed a friendship. What if I went to a or na and I got a sponsor. If I you know wasn't romantic, you know, kind of reflecting about that your fears about it or
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, a positive outcome, just to sort of play with it a little bit and just see what comes up to a little journaling that could be something you could do in the evening, instead of
Gwenevere Abriel: And do some trying to you know you can do. I don't know if you like to draw on your own, not just coloring
Adam: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, we can draw maybe what addiction is for you now, and maybe cross it with what you'd like to have your life be like to sort of open your mind to it, do a drawing coloring of what it is now sort of all the images that come up
Gwenevere Abriel: You know what you envision it would be in the future.
Adam: I don't know, it's kind of chicken. I haven't even after
Adam: I messed up. And I went back over there to my baby's moms like since then. I haven't even
Adam: Like really talked to my kids.
Gwenevere Abriel: Really what's going on.
Adam: It's, I don't know. She
Adam: I don't have a phone number anymore. And she had she actually she got a hold of me through Facebook on like messenger, whatever. And we were kind of talking
Adam: I was kind of talking to them through there for a little bit and then all of a sudden she
Adam: Just hasn't been on there at all like I've been trying to messengers in Taiwan, talk to my boys and stuff, but she hasn't been on there at all on her Facebook Messenger had all like she hasn't even looked at messages. So I don't know. I was gonna
Adam: She is my mom could go stop by over there because I can't just show up over there because of the case that's going on right now. Okay.
Adam: So, and then I actually wonder, there's
Adam: Like
Adam: Oh, he's like in high school. There's some kid that I know that stays in that like right next door to them and
Adam: I had found him on Facebook and I had messaged him and I I told him just to when he sees my son or outside playing or whatever, just to let them know that I've been trying to get all of them. And I love them and stuff and
Adam: And, um, yeah. So I don't know, but I haven't really heard back from him really well he had told me. Yeah, that he would do it for me or whatever. But after that, like, my son, still hasn't called me or anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is that seemed like that is a concern and and occupies your mind quite a bit.
Adam: Yeah, well, I know there. Okay, I can still put okay just
Adam: I hate not talking to them for this long. Yeah.
Adam: Because it's ready been like, about two weeks or something, since I last talked to them.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is there a way to write a letter and that might be something to do in the evening as well and get that over to them. Maybe your mom could drop that off.
Adam: Yeah, I'm sure, I'm sure, but I didn't know if she would because like my son could read but not like that. Great. You know, I mean, so
Adam: I don't know if she would actually like read it to them, or even
Gwenevere Abriel: When you're older, you're older son could do it.
Yeah.
Adam: Yeah.
Adam: So yeah, I guess, then that could be an option to but I'm going to skin. This first I'm going to just send them over there and see what what's going on exactly in, see if I could, if she'll give
Adam: My mom her phone number, at least, because
Adam: Before that. Before I went over there. This is time like she would always
Adam: She would always text me
Adam: And give me let me have your number. You know what I mean. Like I always had remembered and just because of our boys and stuff.
Adam: But this time I don't have the same number as I used to. So she don't even have my number in right now. Okay, and
Adam: What she knows that she could talk to me through messenger. So that's why I just don't know why she says I'm being on there or anything.
Gwenevere Abriel: And remind me how you guys. What kind of terms you guys left
Adam: Oh, it was bad when we, when I left him but like
Adam: A cool down for the most likely couple days or a week, almost. And then that's when she finally tried to she finally talk to me on
Adam: On messenger whatever in
Adam: It was all right, like we weren't fighting or anything.
Adam: So,
Adam: That's why I don't understand. Like what happened because we were we're talking fine and I was talking to my boys. I've been like video chatting with them and stuff and
Adam: And then all of a sudden he hasn't been on
Adam: And I know something like bad happened that her mom would get ahold of me.
Adam: Your mom knows, I might like they know where I'm at. And I mean, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we've got a pretty decent connection right now let's shift gears a little bit. I want to show you something.
Gwenevere Abriel: Got a little bit of time. Want to start to develop some resources for you sort of on a psychological level. These are these things in here that you see seal the blue under plan.
Gwenevere Abriel: This is some stuff I'd like to do with you. I've been doing this over the last few weeks with clients in group.
Gwenevere Abriel: Um, let's come down here you see where this says protective figure and nurturing figure and wise figure
Gwenevere Abriel: Wants you to picture in your mind. Someone that represents real or imagine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Protection.
Gwenevere Abriel: It can be from a book. It can be from your real life. It can be from imagination or a movie or something, you read when you think of an image of a protective figure what comes to mind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah okay well let's let's move down. We'll come back to that one. That one's hard for you to come up with
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's move to a nurturing figure. When you think about someone real or imagined.
Gwenevere Abriel: That is the embodiment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of nurturing what comes up to you mind.
Adam: I guess I would say my
Adam: For some reason, I think.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And what do you picture her doing looking like that sort of has that quintessential that perfect image of nurturing
Adam: I don't know that she's, she's like the only one that's
Adam: That's always there for me. No matter what I do like cuz you've been that
Adam: Even though I went back with my baby's mom this last time she was
Adam: She just
Adam: Never had anything like bad to say to me, she's just always been there tells me. Let's go to church and stuff and
Adam: And like with my mom, she always has something negative to saying to me.
Right, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so we'll go with your on
Gwenevere Abriel: And you can picture her telling you. Let's go to church and she doesn't say anything negative
Gwenevere Abriel: Does she ever say anything positive
Adam: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: What did you say, what's something that's sort of represents a nurturing thing she says
Adam: She's just always telling me like she just always all churches goes to church all the time. So she just always sending me like
Adam: Like things from the Bible, and as
Being
Adam: Like different, um,
Adam: I guess different pastors like she'll send me little video clips of things that she thinks that will help me like to the day. And so, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Did they help you
Adam: Yeah, okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Do you ever do you ever see going to church or any of the sort of groups that they might offer. Do you ever see that as as a sense of
Gwenevere Abriel: Resource for yourself, where you could actually get busy kind of getting more involved there to get away from sort of the negative
Group of people
Adam: That's what kind of helped me. And then again, like when I first
Adam: When I first left or broke up into my baby's mom when I first came to my mom's house I was going to the church like every Sunday and stuff and
Adam: I just, I guess it did, it did help I guess because it just, I got a job right away and I just felt better with myself when I was going to church with her and then like after I got my job.
Adam: I worked every Sunday, pretty much, so
Adam: I
Adam: stopped going to church with her and
Adam: I was working. So like my mind was always off everything
Adam: And then
Adam: Now, like now I can just that I'm not work working or anything.
Adam: I think it will be
Adam: Good for me to start going backwards.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or yeah, and kind of do to me remember you felt better.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's nice to hear something positive and inspiring. It gets you out of this negative thinking we spend too much time there. That's what you're reinforcing
Gwenevere Abriel: We want to get you into some positive thoughts and then we're reinforcing those that's just brain chemistry.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever you're monitoring in your mind, which means thinking about you're reinforcing you're literally deepening
Gwenevere Abriel: The synaptic groups. We want to get your mind thinking elsewhere. We don't want it on the substances. We don't want it on negative thinking we want you literally actively thinking about other things because it gets reinforced.
Gwenevere Abriel: I love that idea.
So,
Adam: I'm actually supposed to go through this Sunday.
Adam: Made a plan for us for her to pick me up.
Adam: Right now, she's just waiting for me. I'm gonna go with her.
Gwenevere Abriel: How about I follow up with you to see if you do go. Sometimes it's nice to have a little nudge. See if you go on Sunday, February 2
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So today, follow up with her, you're going to be with her. Anyway, today you can work out arrived.
Yeah.
Adam: Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Excellent. Let's talk a little bit about when we're meeting again.
Adam: Let me see. I think it's on the third act.
Adam: So,
Adam: Okay, so this is on Wednesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so right now. No.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not every third is Monday.
Adam: Every Monday. Okay, well then, yeah, that's when you told me, February 3 at 10 o'clock.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I have it. Yeah, I see it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You got. I got you right there. That's beautiful. We're good to go. Okay, you're set there. And so what I would just to review what we talked about. We talked about was
Gwenevere Abriel: Coloring
Gwenevere Abriel: finding out about data plan on the phone and making sure you're prioritizing right you've got it, because that's like having
Gwenevere Abriel: A car to get to treatment like you've got to be able to have that that Wi Fi or internet connection in order to get write the prescription for the Suboxone so that's a real serious priority.
Gwenevere Abriel: But, but right along that line is doing the things that make you feel good and strong. So making plans with your on today, getting a little bit of money, throwing it towards your mom, making sure you're saving some for your data plan like don't forget about that part.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you've got also talking with this friend of yours right learning about the GED. You've got getting this phone number over to your children's mothers, so that, you know, there can be contact. You've got a lot to do.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and hopefully you'll get like an interview set up with surf. Okay, that sounds ideal.
Adam: Yeah, I hope I just wonder, should I read this one is a job because that's just it just takes up my time to think of stuff. Plus, I'm making money so
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you're, you're making it happen. Adam You're making it happen. But in the meantime, keeping your mind busy, it's going to be pretty important. So plans with your brother.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right make make those plans to make plans. It's Thursday get something planned for tonight. Get something planned for Friday night, get something plans for Saturday night and Sunday, you've got this church. You got a plan going on.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right there. And if you end up having to change it because you get a job. So be it, but at least you're getting proactive with the planning.
Adam: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so I'll see you on Monday.
Gwenevere Abriel: All right. Okay. Be good to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you. Bye bye.